hello everyone my name is sunny and i'm
here today to unbox the abyss tablet
bt12 original i like to get started by
showing what the contents of the box are
comes with the tablet right here in its
case also comes with the USB which is
linked to the tablet inside the case we
have the beat we have the VG 12 cover
sheets which go underneath the tracing
sheet so far we have the the cover sheet
for Windows Vista there is a cover sheet
also for windows XP with that we have
the fist tablet comes with 29 macro keys
located on the sides on the top of the
tablet with a lift up tracing sheet and
you can lift up like so and to all right
also included inside the box is the this
tablet quick start guide for the BT 12
which is this the instructions as to
what is included and how to set
everything up at the beginning and we
also have this tablet application guide
along with that inside visit block bag
we also have the best tablet driver this
has the macro key manager for Windows XP
Windows Vista and Windows 7 also and
also is included the driver for Mac also
we have the stylus known as the boss pen
it's included in nice little case here
included with two pen nibs the boss plan
itself a triple a battery and tweezers
for removing the pen tips also included
is leave this tablet sauce pen pen
holder which is used to keep the pen or
short of the pen when not in use and
that's it for the best tablet bt12
unboxing thank you for watching